Zero audio.
Hello, yes. Welcome to Nermal Theatre at Meltdown Comics.
Harmontown is now in session. I'm your guest comptroller, Camel Nanjiani.
Please welcome the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Alright, thank you.
It's good to see things are already under comptrol.
Well, it's funny because you were like, how can you fuck this up?
I didn't. I mean, this was the first mic I was trying to use. There's nothing attached.
Yeah, we've had a couple guest comptrollers and people want to know.
You can sense that they want to do the job right as opposed to wrong and stuff,
and I always am tickled by the notion that you could do it wrong,
because this crowd, I mean, forget it, these guys, they're just lovers.
They don't care. That could have gone on for 20 minutes.
They would have watched you change batteries in a flashlight.
I think they had jumped off board. 30 seconds in.
No way. Did you guys jump off board?
You shouldn't ask a negative question.
Did you guys fail to jump off board?
Yeah, right!
That's a technique telemarketers use,
is they always ask questions where the answer can only possibly be yes.
They'll call you up and go, do you love the lady of the house or something?
Do you enjoy long distance?
They'll say things that the answer in your brain can't be no,
so they get you saying yes, and they get you saying yes a lot.
Oh, that's smart! Do you like ice cream?
Hitler was a bad guy, right?
Yes, yes! How's your home security?
I'll take it!
So, speaking of security, you were in a hot air balloon on Twitter.
It wasn't just on Twitter, it was on my regular life also.
I was in the physical world on a hot air balloon.
But did you really get into a hot air balloon?
Yeah, I got into a hot air balloon and I realized it is exactly what it says it is.
It's not helium or anything, it's just a hot air balloon.
It's air and they heat it and if you stop heating it, you die.
Yeah, you crash.
But if the propane ran out, whatever they're using to make the torch go,
it wouldn't be like a plane running out of gas, you would just float down to the ground, right?
Yes, but there's no steering wheel on it, so you land in the middle of a highway and then you're dead.
I wonder what the statistics are on hot air balloons.
I think 50% of the people die.
It's always such a peaceful, seeming mode of transportation,
whether they get the smile faces or it's a garfield floating over the trees,
but I bet they do that to compensate.
I bet it's like base jumping, I bet people lose their heads and shit.
Oh yeah, 50% of people die.
I saw the balloon that they were inflating and it had all these little pieces of tape on it.
I was like, what? Use the one that has no holes in it.
They're patching up holes.
I want the new hot air balloon for sure.
You know, you can take a little bit of nail polish though and put it on there.
What does nail polish do?
It just stops the run in the balloon.
Something I learned from McCalls.
What's McCalls?
It's a magazine.
Do you guys know McCalls?
Some people do.
I'm not from here, so a lot of this is going to be you explaining basic pop cultural things.
So it's Father's Day.
You know what that is, right?
Just from the name I can surmise.
Do they have Father's Day in Pakistan?
Not really.
But now he gives a shit, you know, now I have to call.
He didn't know what it was two years ago, but now very upset that I didn't send flowers.
I sent flowers to my dad, but I don't know that he got them.
I texted the number I had for my dad in my phone and I was thinking about something else
and I looked at the text that I sent my dad and it said, Happy Birthday.
There's so many sadnesses in that sentence.
The number I had for my dad is maybe the saddest phrase in the English language.
So then I immediately followed it up with dot dot dot to all fathers.
Did he respond?
No.
But I don't think it was his number.
I don't know.
How often are you texting that number?
I don't text him a lot.
My mom has my text message, but my mom was getting eye surgery for her cataracts
and she was communicating with me through Twitter direct messages,
which come to me as text messages because I'm subscribed to the service.
And then after a while I'm like, you have my text?
I don't know, it's weird.
Your mom's on Twitter?
She has an account that's locked with two followers, me and my aunt,
that she uses to just, I think, read tweets.
She doesn't want to be tweeting nothing or having anybody tweeting at her.
How many people does she follow?
Does she follow people?
I think she just follows me and my aunt.
I think me and my aunt follow her and I think that's it.
My mother-in-law has a Twitter account.
It has one tweet and so her cousin, her name's Elizabeth Long
and her Twitter handle is Elizabeth Bitch Long.
She's 18, it's okay.
Elizabeth Bitch Long and the only, so my grandmother,
my mother-in-law was trying to follow her, but she didn't succeed
and the only tweet she has is Elizabeth Bitch Long.
It's the only...
It's just her trying to type it in.
She typed it in wrong.
Elizabeth Bitch Long, not Elizabeth Bitch Long.
Elizabeth Bitch Long and just tweet and she's like,
I give up and it's still outside.
It's just so confusing.
Already that's happening to me at 41 but just in ways that are very specific
but one day just normal public life is going to be that.
Like everything's going to feel profane and arch and inaccessible
and exhaustive, right?
Because you can imagine this poor person typing,
so what do I...
I have to type the at symbol and then I have to type her name
and then the word bitch.
This is how I'm allowed to love her with my computer.
It must seem so overwhelming.
I remember my grandpa before he died.
It was really impressively like using his new Macintosh
to balance the Freemason spreadsheet for his local chapter.
He's got his little glasses perched on his nose
and his little mouse is moving it around
and you can tell these are hands that clutched bloody bayonets
at Guadalcanal, you know, thrusting and removing from the enemy.
The blood gutters spraying arterial mist into the air
as he shouted to the clouds,
Freedom!
Only to come back home and just find out,
now they make the cars for us?
Yeah, with the left click and the right click.
Different things.
There's two buttons on the mouse now.
I just learned with the one button.
That was back when it was like the idea of the mouse was ridiculous.
Remember that Star Trek movie where Scotty picks up the mouse
and he talks into it, hello computer.
Anyways, you never talk about your dad really.
You talked about your parents as a set.
They have a unified front.
They have made a decision and they're sticking with it.
I'll talk about my dad.
My dad is sort of like the funny guy in the family.
He would always be doing like jokes.
He does jokes about that.
What's that ethnic group?
Patan?
Is your dad the first with a snappy patan joke?
Yeah, that's exactly the kind of jokes he would do.
And he would actually do a lot of like fart and shit jokes.
And to this day I don't think they're funny
and I think that's my rebellion against him.
Can you tell us just one joke that your dad really likes?
He would always say that if you ate bubblegum you would shit like a yo-yo.
And I would be like, dad, that is not funny.
And I still think it's not funny because he said it.
That seems like a good segue into the realm of conspiracy theories.
Because you just launched a podcast on the...
Oh yeah, I'm doing a podcast called The X Files Files
on Feral Audio.
It's going to be about The X Files.
It's for almost nobody.
What do you mean, going to be? You're on your cover?
It is, yeah. Well, episode three comes out. Dan is on it.
It's a really great episode.
It's episode four of The X Files, episode three of the podcast.
I go by X Files, I go by X Files.
Very poorly thought out.
This is going to be confusing and inaccessible by design.
It came out of the gate very successful.
I only have one experience with one podcast, which also came out of the gate very successful.
Thank you.
I just...
Do new podcasts always kind of end up on the front pages and the things because of their algorithm?
Not always, but I think what they do, I choose the algorithm.
I don't know if this is interesting.
If you're just tuning in to the podcast file file.
I was going to say the podcast cast, but that's an actual podcast.
The weight weights new subscribers more than existing subscribers.
If I get a hundred more, that means more.
That sends me up higher up the charts than someone who has thousands of subscribers.
So in the beginning you end up higher because you're getting new subscribers and new reviews and stuff more.
It's like a gold rush. It's like a manifest destiny.
It's like they're incentivizing settlers.
It is exactly that.
Because I was like, I'll just do this and I'll do it every now and then. Who cares?
And then they're like, wow, you're really good at this.
Which is what Scientology says to you.
Exactly.
Or like when you draw a tippy turtle for the art school thing.
And you send in your shittyly drawn turtle and you always get back.
I think it goes, whoa, stop the press.
Michelangelo, I think you might be good enough to give us $5,000.
Check to your parents.
That's a good looking turtle.
That is exactly what this was.
It was number one in comedy for like 10 days.
And then you're like, wait, why is it 11 now?
Yeah, what happened?
I'll tell you, I was very happy for the few days it was above Marin's podcast.
I flirted with taking a screenshot and sending it to him.
But I knew I would regret it for the rest of my days.
He's got to be so sick of that.
He's like a yield sign in some hillbilly highway.
He's just filled with buckshot.
Everyone that drives by, everyone that has a new podcast is going to like take that screenshot of it.
I beat Marin.
Well, it's not really true.
Well, not everybody who gets a new podcast gets to beat Marin.
Just very, you know, rare, X-Files based podcasts get to do that.
Alright, so your dad, he's a, I picture him in a wife beater.
No.
How is it chain smoking?
We used to smoke, quit, start it up again, quit.
It's a struggle.
I picture him as Tony Shalube.
Who am I kidding?
You picture him as Tony Shalube.
Quick change and that's racist.
No, monk, monk baby.
I think your dad is a super intelligent mentally ill detective.
He is very intelligent.
He's a psychiatrist.
He is sort of Shalube in the face.
He's a little Shalube.
What nationality Shalube?
Is he Lebanese?
Why don't you know?
Tony?
His first name is Tony.
I think he's Italian.
No, no, no, no.
Armenian maybe?
I don't think he's Armenian.
He's not Armenian?
No, Shalube is like, someone's on it.
He's Lebanese.
There's a couple of years ago in Michigan, he came to Flint to receive from our community college,
Lebanese American of the Year.
He won Lebanese American of the Year.
Who is winning it the other years?
You would think Shalube would have a lock on that.
Yeah.
Who is winning?
He's the Hulk Hogan of Lebanese Americans for sure.
He certainly is.
This guy, the friend said, is Shalube from Michigan?
I don't think so, but Michigan has a high population of...
He came to Flint and won Lebanese American of the Year.
That's just like Flint's economy is so downtrodden that they're like,
maybe we could be the Lebanese capital of the world.
Yeah.
Hey, I have a client to get Tony Shalube in here.
They should just rename it the Tony Shalube Award.
Tony Shalube every year.
That's like, the mayor of Flint is in this meeting and he's like,
he's just looking at all these charts and hearing all these terrible things.
And then at this point, actually Newsweek has now classified Flint, Michigan as a third world city.
And the mayor goes, wait a minute.
What if we embraced that?
What if we were the premier third world destination in America?
What could make third world world?
You come here, you buy a ticket.
Tony Shalube is there, you shake his hand.
Yeah.
Are you hungry? There's no food.
That'll be eight dollars, please.
The water is brown and AIDS is everywhere.
But probably really fast Wi-Fi.
Somebody said something about Wi-Fi.
I was like, that's my dish on American Wi-Fi speeds.
People are off board.
Are you guys getting back off board?
I'm off board.
All right.
What did you guys do to celebrate?
Like, he came.
I'm going to repeat some people back in here.
He did a talk.
He talked about being on Monk and Wings.
And then there was a luncheon, of course.
I mean, you don't have to walk me through everything.
This is the Lebanese of the year awards.
I know how this goes.
Of course, there's a luncheon, there's hummus.
Let me guess.
All the people were really there before.
I didn't see him get a trophy or anything.
You were there?
You were there.
Everybody in Flint went.
Or was it like a hot ticket item on Craigslist?
Did you have to go find it?
I got to go because I was a student at the Community College.
You were a student at the Community College?
I had a CC, that's what got me there.
Wait, so he came to the Community College?
Community College.
Wow.
I want to get Tony Shalu about this show.
I mean, he's a good actor.
Oh, he's been great forever.
We talked about this.
We talked about Shalu.
I told you about his performance in Quick Change
because we were talking about you having to go in for roles
where people are like, oh, this guy's kind of like the guy on...
Yeah, exactly.
Simpsons.
Yeah, Simpsons.
It's always Simpsons.
They want me to do the voice that a white guy did,
pretending to be what I actually am,
which is Pakistani, but you know, we're the same.
I remember when Ben...
like some time in the vicinity of 9-11
when everyone was still really amped up,
Ben Affleck being on The Daily Show,
and it was...
you would think that Al-Qaeda and Osama bin Laden
would make easy comedic targets for Ben Affleck,
but he's on The Daily Show and he kind of like...
I remember he was like...
he was making some observation about like...
I think it was something like,
like, oh, they closed Disneyland.
They're worried about Disneyland.
Like these guys are, you know,
like they're going to go, oh, what should we bomb now?
And he did this voice.
He launched into this like a poo voice.
That kind of went mildly, as Jeff Davis would say.
I just thought it was really funny.
He's like, we just got attacked on this guy,
can't land an Al-Qaeda joke.
They're like, yeah, they flew planes into us,
but that's a bit much.
Alright, anyways.
So my dad is a very, very smart guy.
He's got a tattoo.
He doesn't have any tattoos that I know of.
He's bald.
He has no hair on his head.
And then he started shaving.
He looks cool.
He's a psychiatrist.
I've said that.
I'm realizing I don't know him very well.
All the things I'm saying about him are stuff
you could find on his Facebook page.
Are you scared of him?
Not like he's under your bed,
but just like, are you scared of making him upset?
Like if you say something in an interview,
are you scared?
My dad's not the scary one.
My mom's the enforcer.
Because you feel like you'll have emotional hell to pay if she...
If I had to guess is that my dad would not be...
Like my mom's very, very religious.
They're both very religious.
Sometimes I get the sense that if they weren't together,
my dad would not be as religious.
So I think...
So that is interesting,
but it's unfortunately a conversation we're never going to have.
All right.
You mean here tonight?
Should I call him?
Come on.
I mean, what's the deal with Muhammad, right?
Just me and you and a hundred other people
and then thousands tomorrow when it goes up.
Is that...
Well, I think it's both.
It's a stereotype and it's fact
that fathers and sons have these weird communications.
There's so much like tension
that's unspoken and unexpressed.
You mean, is it like a competitive thing?
I'll say this.
I would think that you...
Okay, you grew up in Pakistan.
You came here.
You had to...
I'm treading carefully here.
No, no, no. Go for it.
You feel yourself as kind of like you've achieved
escape velocity from something
that has a certain membrane around it.
You're speaking about your dad as a psychiatrist.
He's an intelligent man.
You just kind of summed up there
and a very important thing.
Like maybe your dad also would achieve that escape velocity.
Like he is this genetic blueprint of you.
That's how we all...
And you haven't talked about it with him.
Yeah.
I don't know.
The idea of...
Earlier today, I was imagining
this is what my fantasies are,
having like a real conversation with my parents
where we share our feelings
and I almost got nauseous.
It was so outside my reality to be like,
well, how do you really feel about this?
Like if my dad ever said to me,
I'm proud of you,
I would like really, really...
It just doesn't feel like part of reality.
Like if I would be like,
what did you do with my dad, Tony Shalu?
Because...
It's so outside of...
Just him saying that to me made me feel embarrassed.
Like my face turned red.
Just me thinking about that idea.
But it's not for him, for yourself.
For myself, yeah.
Because it's something that's so...
It's like all of a sudden you're in a bathtub
and someone's washing your little hinder quarters.
Right.
Like it's too intimate, it's too emotional.
But part of it I know is that it would take
so much effort for him to say that,
that I would feel guilty for making him make that effort.
Yeah, yeah.
My dad told me,
I think I've told the story before, like there was...
It was back when we were just...
The only thing I had going was Channel 101 pilot
for Acceptable TV and for VH1
and all the Channel 101 kids.
I watched that show, that show was great.
Before you.
Before we knew each other.
Not before you.
Well they fired me for a season and the sketches were...
Wait, there were two seasons?
No, no, no, I'm kidding.
We had a party to celebrate Acceptable TV being on VH1,
so it was all the Channel 101 kids
and we all felt kind of like we did it.
We did something.
We built something together.
We're going to have a TV show.
How could this ever go wrong?
And a whole bar full of them.
And my parents just happened to be visiting
and my dad...
I got too late for them because they're old folk
and I walked them to their car.
They were going to go to the hotel
and they're in the parking lot behind the Club TG
in Glendale.
My dad said,
I didn't even realize I'd been waiting to hear it.
He was like,
all those people in there,
they're all there because of you.
They really look up to you.
Very proud of you.
I was like,
okay, all right, cool.
Yeah, thanks, man.
Have a safe drive home.
I'm going to go explode in a urinal.
It's like that moment in...
Not coming.
I just meant I would be seeking privacy
and there would probably be a urinal there.
I didn't mean I would come.
Although, I don't know.
Maybe I would come.
I don't know what reaction my body would have
if my dad said that to me.
It's sort of like what you described in that moment
in Plain Strings and Automobiles
where he puts his hand in the body.
He's like, it's not pillow.
He's like, oh, the football game is pretty good.
We've made ourselves vulnerable to each other
in ways that we don't know what to do with.
The next time he came out,
the next time he was in LA,
it happened to be the night that
Chevy Chase walked off the set
of the last episode of the third season.
We went to this...
He saw how upset I was
because I got the text message,
Chevy walked off the set,
the tag is ruined, blah, blah, blah.
Went to the rap party
and I did that thing that I did.
That was that night.
You see, TMZ referred to as me
in front of his kids.
He's not Clark Griswold.
His kids have television shows.
His kids are senators.
They can handle it.
They're on Lipitor.
They've got their own problems.
Oh, papa, papa!
What did that strange man say to you?
They were all on rascals.
It's not what you think when you hear it.
It was very funny at the time.
I just remember my dad at that rap party
because one guy came up to me
and he was like,
I totally understand this.
I look back on all of it.
I'm an asshole,
I love my show too much
and I'm a fucking petty dick
and I have oppositions to find a disorder
or whatever, or drunken slur disorder.
But at the time,
it was like, look,
I took that negative behavior,
I turned it into something positive
at the rap party, blah, blah, blah.
One of the crew members
who loved Chevy in spite of everything
was trying to explain to me
in front of my dad
who must be a huge Chevy Chase fan.
My dad's a baby boomer.
He's like, yeah, but Chevy,
he's a personality,
he's an asset and all this stuff.
My dad just unexpectedly
sang to this guy like,
look, if you run a business,
you tell me that
if I run a carpet business
and your personality means
you can't lift carpet,
you're fucking fired.
And then you came in a urinal.
And then I went and came in a urinal.
I finally got,
either my dad got so zen
and realized that he had,
or I got so old that
we're the same guy.
He's saying what's about to come out of my mouth.
This is interesting.
Emily and I
are writing a movie together
and I just realized right now
the movie ends.
I have this conversation with my dad
and it's the conversation of my dreams
that I'm never going to have in real life
that I wrote in this movie.
It's kind of, I just realized that.
I was like, oh my God,
it's like the secret.
Oh, fuck you.
I just realized that.
I just wrote that conversation
so that in some way
it'll be real in my head
even if it won't be physically real.
Some part of my memory will confuse it
and be like, oh yeah, you guys had that talk.
It always makes me wonder
if our generation has kids.
How's that trickle work?
It's like, you got my grandpa's
who were at Guadalcanal
and the other one was at
somewhere in the European theater,
both of them running around
stabbing and shooting
and risking their lives.
Both of them come back home,
never say a word about it,
let alone write, publish a blog about it
or a recipe book.
You have that silent generation,
the greatest generation
and then the baby boomer generation.
They're like,
I don't know,
they weren't exactly quiet
but they had a little more class
than my generation
in terms of talking about their feelings
and stuff.
Then I wonder,
is this just a slow continuum?
Pretty soon you're just going to have a baby
and the baby's crying and you're just crying with it.
And then you just both cry
and you both suck your thumb
and just roll around.
That's how I'm going to do it probably.
I would say, because Aaron made that tavern
in my house upstairs.
McHarmon's.
I thought, this is a great nursery
because you could put a crib
in the middle of it and maybe really realize
you could just have bottles of vodka
and bottles of milk along the wall
and I could just sit in there
and we could both just shit our pants
and cry
and talk about how we hate being told
when to go to bed.
I mean, we talked about this
when we were talking about
if I'm going to have kids or not,
I was like, I don't feel like a grown-up.
I feel like I'm still shitting my pants.
My dad was always a grown-up to me
and it felt like he had the authority
to raise a child.
I don't have the authority to raise a child.
What I want to talk to this little,
like, what's the world like?
I don't know.
I've been saving Hyrule my whole life.
I've saved it like 20 times over.
That's all I know.
I don't know anything.
Is everyone just faking it?
Or do people know?
I think some people don't have to fake it
in some areas.
Some people are just really good at
putting a car up on blocks
and changing the oil and the tires
because they get to enjoy it that much
because they're not as good
at writing a sonnet.
I don't know.
It all comes out in the wash.
I'm not saying that a guy that can fix a car
can't write a poem.
I'm not saying that at all.
I'm not saying he's dumb just because he's handy.
I just mean that we all have a bingo card.
You just have random shit.
There's a guy out there that's like,
I'm good at fixing the car and writing the sonnets,
but they've got to be bad at gardening
and managing their emotions or something.
There's something that you do and I do
that's like quote-unquote manlier
than average.
Just one random category.
You wouldn't be able to recognize it
from across a room.
There's some specific,
maybe it's just the amount of bullying
you'll put up with.
That doesn't feel very manly.
I know, but take it to an extreme.
Martin Luther King,
at a certain point you become a real man
after putting up with a lot of shit.
You can change the world by putting up with it.
Anyways,
watch this segue.
Check it out.
I'm so excited.
Sometimes you think,
I'm not ready to be a dad.
I couldn't be a dad because I'm not a grown-up.
I was feeling like that
when we watched the X-Files
because I was on your X-Files thing.
I see where you're going.
I was watching David Duchovny
and it's like,
Fox Mulder was 29 years old
in season one of X-Files
and I thought, he's a grown-up.
I'm 41 and he's just still a grown-up to me.
Speaking of X-Files
and X-Files podcasts
and conspiracy theories,
there's a new podcast in town.
Camille.
Well done, dad.
That is also about those things
but it's not based on the fictional.
It's based on the fiction
that people
either believe in or don't
that happens in real life.
It's called Real Life Sci-Fi.
Did I get that title right?
Yeah.
And it's by our very old Channel 101 friends,
our comrades.
We're going to come out here
to talk about their new podcast.
Willie Roberts and Wade Randolph.
I could have done that better.
No, that was fucking perfect.
Kind of weak, I think.
I don't know why.
Well, see, there you go.
You guys have a Scully-Mulder
relationship on the show, right?
Wade's the skeptic.
I never seen X-Files.
That sucks.
I'm the Smulder.
The Smulder, yes, the Smulder.
You know the names.
You don't know Scully and Mulder?
No.
And you're doing a conspiracy theory podcast?
It's not about your fucking bullshit.
It's about real stuff.
They're clapping for me.
I don't think they are.
They just want to fight.
They want the loose change to hit the floor.
So is it just conspiracy theories?
Or is it also...
Well, it's eventually going to be everything
that you'll run out of real-life sci-fi.
Like, you know...
Bigfoot, ghosts, UFOs.
Is the focus always on whether it's real or not?
Well, yeah, kind of.
Willie's the thing.
If you talk to anybody who is into conspiracy theories,
there's too much information.
And so, like, in order for it to be yes or no,
it's hard because it's like you could just ramble on
and a lot of things don't connect.
So if I were to say,
Hollow Earth, which I've always been fascinated by.
That's a good one.
Like, Hollow Earth, to me...
Well, Willie believes everything he reads.
Willie does. Yeah.
And I don't.
I give everything I read a chance.
Like, to me, Hollow Earth thing is an interdimensional thing.
Not like a...
How do you mean?
Like, if you read about the guy who said he was flying his plane
and then he was over North Pole
and then there was a hole opening
and he went through it.
It's like Saxon.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Maybe he hit an interdimensional portal
that was caused by some magnetic field disruption.
Right.
Is that the story?
He was flying over the North Pole.
And then why did he end up?
And he saw a hole and flew into it?
Yeah, there was one guy who did that.
You're right.
If you're a pilot and you see a hole,
don't fly into the hole.
That's what I'm saying.
You're a terrible pilot.
How do you turn around?
It's like the number one no-no in air travel.
It's the natural enemy of air travel.
The ground is cancer in air flight.
Like this particular guy's story,
he flew into the middle of the earth
and then the beings there landed his plane
and then he met them.
And then the beings in Hollow Earth.
Because I've read that the Hollow Earth,
it starts with just the idea that
much like the flat earth people,
like it just starts with the question,
how do we know the earth's not hollow?
What do you got?
Pictures of a solid earth.
And then so some people,
branches off into this tree, right?
Where it's like some people think,
oh, that's where the Nazis went.
Yeah.
And then some people go,
that's where the aliens are.
And then some people are like,
which I think is amazing.
It's fun.
I think it's fun that there are people out there
who in the present day are like
weaving mythology out of the thing
that's really happening.
My thing is I just like to talk about all that
because normally you bring something up
and it's like, oh, that was kind of interesting,
this shitty article I found on the internet.
I want to talk to somebody about it
and then you just get laughed at
and this is like, well,
I won't talk to anybody about this.
But you want to have the fun with it.
But then other people are like,
well, that's dangerous because it was fun
to think that you could burn women
at the stake in the 1500s.
It was fun to think leeches were curing people.
You need to be skeptical to protect people.
Yeah.
What kind of topics do you guys talk about?
Just say the topics and I'll,
I know for sure if they're real or not.
I actually have the information.
I'll tell you a yes or no.
Tell me, say it.
Chemtrails?
I don't know what that is.
Tell us what chemtrails are.
Chemtrails is like,
now there's a bunch of different reasons for it
or conspiracy theories about it,
but that there is an additive in jet fuel
that is being released over everywhere.
It's fake.
Making us docile.
Yeah, one of them is to make us docile.
It's like a mind control thing.
Okay, that's not true.
That one's lies.
No, Camille's right.
What's the next one?
One of those is like,
well, they're trying to block out some of the sun
to protect us from overheating.
Why would they not tell us
if that's what they're doing?
Because everyone would say no.
Everyone would say no,
but that's the key.
Well, here's the thing.
I know it's not working
because we can see the fucking sun.
It's out there every day.
If you look at history, though,
the government has done tests
on people without their permission
forever.
Oh, yeah, no.
That's the cool thing about conspiracy theories
is it's an interesting line
between like there are some people
who talk in fantastical terms
and have a flexible grip on logic
that will abuse it.
So the scientific mind says,
well, we have to protect the underlings
from this kind of stuff.
You have to be skeptical
and use scientific method.
But, however, the healthy thing
about paranoia is that you should
never trust the government.
And it always turns out every 30 years
that they were doing fucked up shit
30 years ago.
Well, even though I do hate the word
the government because, like,
even within our government,
there's 20s that don't work, right?
What an asshole.
Yeah, I know.
Me and Adam said it together
and I immediately knew I was on the wrong side.
I'm sorry, Willie.
Ghosts?
Ghosts? Not real.
Fake.
What about ghost ads?
Take it easy, Adam.
Oh.
Fluorinating the water.
What do you guys think of ghosts?
What's your take on it?
We haven't covered it yet.
I could be convinced, maybe.
You could be convinced.
Yeah.
Dad, what do you think?
I don't think that dead people
keep being people.
It doesn't make sense.
Yeah.
And I feel like light bounces off
solid things.
But if Jeff Davis was here,
he could tell you, like, four ghost stories.
Yeah, yeah, he has a lot of ghost stories.
And then they're great.
But I do believe,
or I should say I am willing to believe,
definitely, because to me skepticism
loses its value at the point
where it starts to become dogmatic.
Where you start to assume that the things
you don't know, you know everything about.
So I do believe that it's perfectly
possible that there is, like,
that we're, because we're evolved from apes
that are only biological purposes
to recognize a good banana from a bad one.
And we've graduated into this world
where we're starting to understand things.
It's totally possible that there's a lot more
ways to perceive things than we actually...
You kind of bring up a good point, though,
because there's no ape ghosts.
Nobody ever...
Nobody ever has.
There was an X-Files about animal ghosts, wasn't there?
Fuck, yes.
And I watched this show. Great episode.
Like, you don't find, like,
you think that there'd be, like,
Native American ghosts in the free country,
or in the open land.
But they never, Native Americans,
I don't want to be racist,
but they never die with unfinished business.
They use the whole life.
I can explain that.
They're famous for it.
It's not racism if it's a good stereotype.
No, it's good.
It's totally good.
I just riffed that, isn't it awesome?
No, I'm a really good racist.
You're, like, a genius.
It was really good.
It felt like you'd written that at home.
It was a real good racist.
It was really good.
It was a good quick defense.
So...
Yeah, go ahead.
No, I just connect dots with racist stereotypes.
No, I could take credit for it all night.
Let's go on.
For you, Dan,
for you to be open to the idea of ghosts,
doesn't that...
don't you have to change pretty fundamental things
about how you see the world?
Well, no, because I don't automatically assume
that when we talk about ghosts,
what I think of when I think about ghosts
is I think about when you're in your apartment
brushing your teeth and you turn and you go,
well, fuck!
There's a fucking dude with a ten-speed bike
over his shoulder,
walking through my living room.
That could be explained by a lot of things
that don't have to do with there being a heaven
or people dying and their skin falling away
and then I'm just like, I love ten-speeds
and I'm going to go spread the word
because I got to solve my murder.
It doesn't...
It could be like a psychic smudge.
It could be that that person...
Like residual energy or something?
That person fell in love with a woman
and every morning when he hoisted his ten-speed
over his shoulder to go to work in that apartment,
his heart became filled with this emotional energy
that over time the way a key on your keyboard
can become melted.
If you work in a data entry lab,
like the home row is melted from friction
of hitting the same button over the same amount of time.
And it's just brought out by you brushing your teeth?
Like no, it's just another...
It's human perception.
I don't know.
This is assuming that there's some fields
that we haven't discovered yet
that we can perceive.
One of them is light bouncing into our retina
and then maybe some of it is like somehow
this would get into psychic energy
that this guy had this experience.
He would eat a nut bar
and he'd throw his bike over his shoulder
and it was like somehow for him it was like a big deal.
It was like he did it over and over again
or he did it one day and it was like he achieved
self-actualization at that moment
or he was really angry or whatever.
But there's like some weird fingerprint on the film
and then you turn and you're brushing your teeth
and you see that guy's feelings.
You see his self-image.
He left it there in your apartment.
Yeah, some kind of like residual energy echo
that we'll just never know about or...
I don't know.
I'm open to most things.
But I don't think I would ever wake up
when there would be a guy sitting on my bed
going like hey, I'm Napoleon.
I buried my hat at McDonald's.
Then he goes...
I have unfinished business.
Wait, do we have to take over Russia now?
All these cabinets should be open.
I just got to find my hat.
It's under the McDonald's. Go find it.
You could make a lot of money on that hat.
You know, when you get into...
I just started...
Time, okay.
Time, fellas.
It's symmetrical.
We're experiencing it one moment after another
but there's all this...
I need a couple more degrees
and a few more IQ points before
I could really understand this or explain it
but smart people will tell you
that time unfolds in all directions.
Is that what you're hearing?
Anything you can describe that happens in time.
First of all, time is a variable and blah, blah, blah.
When your cabinet doors are open,
they've all come open overnight,
maybe some lady that lived in your apartment
opened them in 1938.
And somehow time got shuffled.
But yeah, I just don't believe in hopeful ghosts
like talking to you and going like,
hey, I'm dead.
And they're like, you're dead. Get out of here.
And he's like, I'm sorry, I'm so dead.
For some reason I draw the line at just dialogue.
It just starts to get corny.
No, that's a huge leap from just a smudge on the film
to unfinished business.
That's a big leap.
I get it. I agree.
To me, unfinished business is so, it can be so,
like the unfinished business you have right now
and you're all alive is like,
can be so beautiful and stupid.
Sounds like a romantic comedy that we're writing.
Unfinished business.
I just remembered something really funny.
I did this media conference in beautiful,
in the beautiful Rocky Mountains of Canada
where there was, it was taking this hotel
that was absolutely shining,
like all the good parts of the shining,
like all the beautiful parts, none of the dead
Scatman crothers or anything.
And I kept saying, oh yeah, this place is,
this place is definitely haunted.
If any place is haunted, is that,
is that the air coming out of the show?
I think it's a smudge on the film.
There was a woman who used to dry her hair here
30 years ago.
And I was out on a patio at a party with Erin
and it was like, oh yeah, that place is probably haunted
and this guy was like, oh yeah,
have you seen Toby?
Or like some guy's name.
Or like, who's Toby?
He's like, oh, the Bellman, yeah.
Yeah, he definitely, people see him there
at the hotel.
Like, oh yeah, what does he do?
He's like, oh, you know, he's the Bellman.
He just, he'll take your luggage.
And I was like, I don't know, so funny.
Do you have a Canadian ghost?
Have you ever lost a back?
Because that's Toby.
Canadian ghost, his unfinished business is just his job.
It's just people.
He's never experienced love.
Geez, you know what, I forgot to thank Mr. Henderson
in 314.
I should really tell him a good job.
Very sad.
That's very sad.
I love the idea of a ghost.
He's just like, oh God, I still have to do
the terrible job I had.
We were falling over ourselves because
I'm sure the guy walked away like, he's
a ghost, but like, I was like, does he say boo?
How does he pronounce?
My big question is, how does a Canadian ghost
pronounce boo?
All right.
What are you doing?
There were a couple of false starts on that joke
or I'm going to really kill him.
All right, so boo.
You don't belong here.
That's good, that's something.
But I was in the first episode of your podcast
and we talked about UFOs.
Yeah, whether they're real or not.
We were focusing more on the moon landing being faked.
Oh yeah, the moon landing being faked, right.
Because the moon, according to you, is a metal base.
A metal base?
Well, when things hit it, it sounds like a bell
and none of the craters are deeper than the others
or something.
When things hit it, it sounds like a bell?
They blew up, they put a bomb on the moon
and they said it.
Some people claim that it rang like a bell.
When did they put a bomb on the moon?
I didn't get to vote for this.
There's so much to buy into this story.
So many barriers.
I don't care what you believe about the moon,
it's weird that we bomb the moon
and most people don't know about it.
What?
When did we...
We were looking for water.
Yeah, but we didn't tell anybody we were looking
for water just in this bomb up to the moon.
Was it a nuke?
No, no, it was just a bomb.
Just like a regular bomb.
It was just like a bundle of TNT with an alarm clock on it.
With a NASA logo.
There's that whole thing about us being warring off the moon.
Conspiracy theorists love that,
the idea that we haven't actually done a moon mission
since forever.
And the idea is that we got there
and then an alien said, get out of here.
You get out of my moon.
You damn kids.
You got the big one right there.
Yeah, yours is bigger than ours.
Let me have this one.
There are just like eight of us here
and we got the moon, you guys got the big one.
But what are the conspiracy theories about the moon?
You said that the other side of the moon,
the dark side of the moon has like a base on it.
Well, I mean, here's the thing.
Oh, that's right.
That's right.
But like, okay.
I'll give them this real quick.
I've been looking for UFOs my whole life
and I've never seen them.
And then one year I saw like 30 all at once.
And I called someone from across town.
Like a fleet of them?
Yeah.
I like that there's more to this story
that has nothing to do with you having seen 30 UFOs.
How did you see 30 UFOs?
Explain that part.
I mean, you know, I like to look at the sky.
I'm fascinated by planes.
They're just silver things in the sky.
Yeah, I mean, I'm not saying they're aliens.
You're just saying that I'm an identified plane object.
30 of them.
And they look like stars in the middle of the day.
It's like they're hard to focus on.
You look at the blue sky and you got like eye boogers
and weird like eye snakes and you can't focus.
You don't know what your focal length is.
And then so like I'll see one.
I'll look away and I'll be hard to find,
but I'll always be with people.
I'm like, hey, look at that.
What do you think it is?
And we'll look at it for like a half hour
and it doesn't do anything that I recognize, you know.
And I saw 30 one day.
And this is the first time I saw it.
I thought an alien invasion was happening.
I took pictures.
I took video.
I was drawing like some of them were moving
and some of them weren't.
I watched the skies for the rest of the day.
They had changed the flight patterns
for Burbank and LAX.
But that's just bullshit.
You don't know that you should look up.
Online the flight patterns.
No, no, I look at the flight patterns all the time.
Like when the wind changes.
You just watch the skies and you go, oh, there's no planes.
But you can see where they were they redirected to.
Wait, wait, there was one day of your life
where you said that an alien invasion was imminent.
Yeah.
We already know each other then?
Just fucking text me.
Well, here's the thing.
If you think an alien invasion,
I want to be on the list of people
and like, hey, shit's going down.
Come on, get on the ground.
I was sitting there going like,
is this hot?
Just fucking text me, dude.
I'll be the one to judge.
You're going to get a text every other day.
You're going to get a lot of text.
Especially 30 a day.
Okay, here's the thing.
I drew out a map of the ones that were stationary
and the ones that were moving.
To me, it was like, oh, this looks like a constellation.
Could other people see him too?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I've been with at least 30 people.
I've been like, what's that?
It's 30, just the number.
It's only 30.
Is that the highest you can count?
I could say 10 names right now off the top of my head.
You were with?
Yeah.
Obama, Margaret Thatcher.
I've been with groups of people.
And people have seen these things.
I mean, I've seen them.
But not in Armada.
I've seen one or two.
And they're just silver things.
But here's my things.
Okay, I saw these things and then I started telling people
because to me it was like, this is kind of fucking weird.
I should tell everyone I know.
Didn't tell me.
I guess I'm not one of the people.
I even told Wade at the first party I went to.
I don't know if you remember,
I kind of laughed it off and like nobody was listening to me.
And I was like, this is weird because I saw something that to me,
I'm not saying they're aliens.
I'm just saying this was life changing to me
because there were things in the sky that I didn't know what they were.
And it made me think and everyone was basically laughing
or not believing it.
And made me go like, everybody that has a weird story
that people laugh at like,
I want to listen to their story a little more.
Every movie, every sci-fi movie,
your character is the good guy.
But in life, you're the crazy guy.
Your only record is the right sci-fi movies.
Do you guys have people on the show that are like experts,
like ufologists?
Not yet. I want to get there though.
They had me on.
Like you believe in the UFOs?
I was like, it's possible.
And he's seen all the X files.
Well, I would talk to you guys all night,
but my sluggishness means we got a train scheduled to keep.
It's real life sci-fi. It's on Farrell Audio.
I think it launches Monday.
It's going to be on Farrell Audio on Monday.
Which is today, I guess, for all of us on purpose.
Yeah, it'll be today when most people hear about it.
This is a crazy audience, by the way,
because they're willing to not watch the Game of Thrones finale.
Most of them are watching on the East Coast feed.
Oh, you've already seen it?
Okay, don't tell me.
How was that?
They do.
They're very...
We have a relationship here.
These guys are good people.
I understand the NBA finals.
You guys can miss that.
But Game of Thrones, shit.
All right, well, thank you Wade Randolph,
Willie Roberts, for coming by.
Thanks for having us on.
Real life sci-fi.
Hey, just put it down.
All right, so we've got to keep the train speeding,
speeding along.
I've fucked up real bad.
I've made our show real long.
Is it going too long?
No, I just mean, there's so much to do.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, there's so much to do.
There's one other thing to do.
Let's go on to the next segment.
Erin McGathy, will you come out, please?
This is my fiance.
Hi, everybody.
Hi.
So I'm here for a special reason.
Yes.
The Harmontown documentary is premiering
tomorrow night.
And we actually have two tickets
to the Harmontown documentary.
And Dan was like,
how should we give these away?
And I begged to do a McGathey game corner.
Yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And he said no.
No, no, he said yes.
So is there, is there anybody here
who does not have tickets tomorrow
and really wants to go?
All right, we got two hands here.
Come on up, sir.
What's your name?
Daniel.
Great.
And then hands again.
We should do a lady one.
We should do a lady one, right?
Someone who would actually go.
Okay, all right, you got a waving hand.
I'm sorry, you have a very sweet face.
Here, come on.
All right, hello.
I already forgot your name.
What was your name again?
Daniel.
What was your name?
Bethany.
Fantastic.
And Camille, I'm going to...
Do they need microphones?
Could they have an extra one here?
They do.
Let's make sure.
Is there another one?
Perfect.
I can sit.
Do they need another one?
Because I can sit on it.
Okay.
Oh, we're good, we're all set.
Here.
Great.
And I'm going to give you both these cards
that say Daniel's name.
What are the names?
Bethany and what now?
Dan.
How's that spelled?
All right, Bethany and Dan.
B-A-N.
Here are your materials.
Thank you.
All right, I haven't discussed this game
with anybody else.
It's only just been in my head, so we'll see.
Should I be looking at any of this?
Or should I?
You can.
All right, so we are going to play a game
called...
Harmonized Impressions.
She's got it.
That's a theme song.
Harmonized Impressions, everybody.
Welcome.
Welcome to Harmonized Impressions.
Now, there are a lot of things that I love.
I love ice cream.
I love communing with nature.
But one of the theme songs is still going on behind me.
But one of the things I love more than anything
are Dan Harmon's Impressions.
What we're going to do is Dan has a book
of Bartlett's quotes in front of him.
And there are different categories.
We're going to go back and forth.
And I'm going to give you, Bethany and Dan,
I'm going to give you the choice of two different categories.
When it's your turn, you get to pick the category.
Dan is going to read a quote from Bartlett's quote book
in the impression that I've already listed for him
on a piece of paper.
And then you will have a choice of three different names
to choose who he is doing an impression of.
Yeah.
And to decide who goes first,
we're going to have you both do your best Dan impression.
And I'm just going to decide really quick.
All right.
Bethany?
Here we go.
All right.
Great.
Okay.
All right.
Bethany.
And you're holding cards that say,
Comele,
during the game,
if you,
if Dan does his impression and you were totally stumped,
you can use your Comele card
And then Camille will do the same impression.
Okay, so yeah, I'll read it, you'll give me a...
You'll get the code and everything
and you will do your best impression.
I'm terrible at impressions.
They all sound like a Pakistani guy
pretending to be something else.
So we ring in...
You don't ring in, so you're gonna go first,
so this is your turn.
Bethany, go for it.
Yeah, and your two categories that you get to choose from
are Captain's Log or I'm a Bitch, I'm a Lover.
I'm a bitch.
I'm gonna go with I'm a Bitch, I'm a Lover.
Excellent, so these are three women
who are known for performing at Lilith Fair.
Okay, all right, I get it.
So, and I just read a quote.
Yeah, read any quote, you see the name in front of you
and I wait for me to give you the multiple choice
after he reads it.
Okay, multiple choice.
Here we go, I'm a Bitch, I'm a Lover.
All this will not be finished
in the first 100 days.
Now it will be finished in the first 1,000 days.
I know who it is.
Not in the life of the Seministration
nor even perhaps
in a lifetime on this planet.
But let us begin.
All right, great, so is that...
That's fucking...
Okay.
Is that...
Is the answer being an impression of A, Tori Amos,
B, Lisa Loeb, C, Sarah McLaughlin.
Can I get the choices again?
A, Tori Amos, B, Lisa Loeb, C, Sarah McLaughlin.
Audience answers showing A.
I'm gonna go with A.
That is correct.
A, A, A, A, A, A, A.
Dan, that was pretty fucking great.
Thanks.
Great.
So Bethany has one point.
Bethany has one point.
Now it's Dan's turn.
And I forgot to mention
that if you get it wrong,
you'll get the chicken.
All right, here we go.
Dan, you can choose from these categories
Captain's Log or Bloody Funny.
Let's go with Captain's Log.
Captain's Log.
All right, these are three characters
from Star Trek, First Generation.
Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration.
All right, is that A, check off, B, Sulu, C, Spock.
Is it C?
C is Spock.
No!
It's Sulu, right?
It is Sulu.
He got the chicken.
I just wanted the chicken, sorry.
All right, Bethany, you can choose
from Bloody Funny or Vogue.
I'm going to do Bloody Funny.
Bloody Funny.
All right, these are well-known,
this is a well-known British comedian.
I don't even, I mean...
Men do not care how nobly they live.
But only how long?
Although it is within the reach
of every man they have nobly,
but within no man's power to live long.
All right.
All right, so is that A, Ricky Gervais.
B, Russell Brand.
C, Eddie Isard.
Oh, it's either A or C.
I'm going to go with C.
No!
Can I guess?
B.
Yeah, it was Russell Brand.
A lot of this is chance,
because you're picking between the two.
All right, Dan.
I'm scanning down this list of people now.
Vogue or Rocket Men?
Rocket Men.
All right, this is the host
of a science-related show.
Jesus.
Walk not on the earth exultantly.
For thou canst not cleave the earth.
Neither shalt thou reach to the mountains in height.
Great.
So is that...
I didn't mean to sound so dry.
Is that A, Adam Savage.
B, Bill Nye.
Or C, Neil deGrasse Tyson.
Oh!
Dan has just pulled his Camille card.
He has just pulled his gift Camille card.
I'm terrible at impressions.
Thank you.
So Camille is going to read this exact same quote.
Oh.
It's the one from the Quran.
Walk not on earth.
So no excuses.
All right, here we go.
I honestly don't know what this person sounds like.
I'm just going to do an impression of Dan.
Doing an impression of this person.
Fuck.
Weirdly, this is going to be the first ever recording of me
reading anything from the Quran.
Who could have predicted this?
Walk not on the earth.
Exultantly.
For thou canst not cleave the earth.
Neither shalt thou reach to the mountains in height.
That's me doing an impression.
Definitely not of the other people.
Just so they know who it isn't.
All right.
What do you think, Dan?
Let's go Neil deGrasse.
That is correct.
Well done.
Nice.
All right.
Bethany, vogue or drink the Kool-Aid?
These are your categories.
Vogue or drink the Kool-Aid?
Vogue.
All right.
These are famous supermodels.
So Dan is going to do an impression of a supermodel.
A specific one.
I don't know what this sounds like either.
One of the things which distinguishes ours from all earlier generations is this.
That we have seen our atoms.
I've never heard this person talk.
That's right.
Some of the categories.
Can I see that?
Yeah.
So is that A, Cindy Crawford, B, Brooke Shields, or C, Amon?
Let's go with C.
C.
A.
That is correct.
She can hear my mole.
A lot of people in the audience are yelling out C, so maybe you do a good Amon.
Do you guys never see House of Style?
She talked...
Do you guys know House of Style?
She talked on that all the time.
I never watched House of Style.
Camille, what's the score?
Bethany 2, Dan 0.
But Bethany did go...
I mean, Dan 1.
But Bethany did go first, so...
Right, exactly.
All right.
Dan, drink the Kool-Aid or free entertainment?
Free entertainment.
All right.
Here, this is a podcast host.
One of the things which distinguishes ours from all earlier generations is this, that
we have seen our atoms.
Is that A, Paul F. Tompkins, B, Marc Maron, C, Ira Glass.
Can I see the list?
I wanted to say A.
I'll go with A.
That is correct!
Although I would love to see Dan's Ira Glass.
Do it.
We're back with Public Radio.
One of the things I found most interesting, since you left us, is the story about Jacob.
Not Jacob.
Who lost his leg.
Yeah.
Jacob lost his leg in a cup of water.
What does that do to a person?
How many legs do you need?
We'll be right back.
So that was Dan.
You guessed that right.
That was Dan.
So it's tied, 2-2.
All right.
Bethany, drink the Kool-Aid or wicked packing?
I'll go wicked packing.
All right.
This is an actor from Boston.
There is only one proof method of assisting the advancement of pure science.
That of picking men of genius, backing them heavily, and leaving them to direct themselves.
All right, was that A, Ben Affleck, B, Donald Loog, C, Mark Wahlberg?
I might want to do that.
How many rounds are left?
Just three-fourths.
Three-fourths.
Well, as far as rounds go.
So I guess technically two.
I don't know.
I'm not good with numbers.
Okay, so it was Ben Affleck and Mark Wahlberg, Donald Loog.
I'm going to go with Donald Loog.
No!
That was Mark Wahlberg.
Hey, little dog.
It's a contextual impression.
You have to be talking to an animal.
You have to change the words.
Hey, buddy.
I'm Mark Wahlberg.
All right, Dan.
Your categories to choose from are Drink the Kool-Aid or La La Royalty.
Let's go drink the Kool-Aid.
All right.
This is a famous cult leader.
You gain strength, courage, confidence by every experience in which you really stop
to look for fear in the face.
You're able to say to yourself, I live through this home.
I can take this next thing that comes along.
You must do the thing that you think you cannot do.
So was that A, Charles Manson, B, Jim Jones, C, David Koresh?
Let's go with the first one.
That is correct.
Dan pulls ahead, three to two.
That was Bob Odenkirk's impression of Charles Manson from the 1992 Ben Stiller sketch,
which you should Google, watch online.
It's called Manson.
It's a lassy thing.
It's very funny.
Bethany, your choice is between La La Royalty and Come Together.
I'm going to do Come Together.
All right.
So this is a beetle.
Death and taxes and childbirth.
There's never any convenient time for any of them.
Also, that's just a beetle.
You averaged all the beetles.
That's your impression of all of them.
Manson has to fill the time available for its completion.
So is that A, John Lennon, B, Ringo Starr, C, Paul McCartney, D, George Harrison?
D, all of you both.
Ringo.
Paul.
That is correct.
Always was the distinct one.
All right.
Dan, La La Royalty or House of Incest.
Oh, is that a camera thrones thing?
Let's go House of Incest.
All right.
This is a Lannister.
Peace is not an absence of war.
It is a virtue, a state of mind, a disposition for benevolence, confidence, justice.
Oh, shit.
Was that A, Jamie Lannister, B, Tyrion Lannister, C, Joffrey Lannister.
That is correct.
All right.
Final round.
Bethany, you've got to get this to stay alive.
You have to get this right.
And I recommend you use your mail.
Because it's three to four right now.
Oh, okay.
Oh, and this is worth two points.
Okay.
All right.
So you're tied.
Oh, no, no, no.
Oh, it's three to four.
No, if she gets it, if it's one or two.
If it's two, then whoever gets this right wins.
Okay.
Unless she gets it wrong, then I'm fine.
Yeah.
All right.
I'm going to stick with my dumb suggestion.
That's two points.
All right.
So you get to choose between La Royalty or Good Day Ladies.
Good Day Ladies.
All right.
This is an Australian actress.
Oh, boy.
It's an Australian actress.
Take it away, Dan.
How much time he...
Irish actress?
How much time he gains who does not look to see
what the neighbor says or does...
I want to...
It's bloody terrible.
Yes, it's bloody terrible.
You should have seen the other option.
I'm going to take a shorter quote.
You betcha three hours too soon that a minute's too late.
Thank you.
All right.
What's that?
A. Nicole Kidman.
B. Kate Blanchett.
Or C. Tony Collette.
I see you reaching at your Camille card.
I'm going to use my...
All right.
Camille card.
Okay.
It's this Shakespeare one.
Better three hours too soon.
That's a short quote.
Okay.
All right.
I have to...
Okay.
I'm going to make really dumb eyes for this one.
I have to make my eyes really empty.
Better three hours too soon
than a minute too late.
Okay.
All right, all right.
I think that actually helped.
So is that Nicole Kidman, Kate Blanchett, or Tony Collette?
I'm going to go with Nicole Kidman.
That is correct.
Who does not speak with an Australian accent?
It feels like she's from everywhere and nowhere.
It feels like the ocean birthed her.
She comes out for awards shows
and she's got the glasses with the gown
and she speaks like an English person.
It's like a faint accent.
Everyone has an accent.
All right, so this is the final question.
He made an expression after he said
that the caption was nailed it.
Hashtag.
All right, this is the final question.
Wait, I thought that was the final one.
Well, I really want Dan to do this one.
All right, so this is just a pride question.
You've got to get it right to when.
So this is the category La La Royalty, which is famous.
You know that I don't know who this person is.
You don't know who that is?
No, I don't know who this person is.
It looks like it's just an expression.
What? Can you tell me who it is?
She can talk.
Can I see him?
It's more about the other two being...
Just try it. Just try it.
Just try it.
Okay, great.
Just make a guess.
Really good.
Here we go.
Wait, what is this category?
This is our famous daughter's La La Royalty of Hollywood.
Nothing but truth is lovely.
Nothing fair.
By the way, if there was a little girl that sounded like that,
take her to the doctor or take her in the jungle.
We'd be put in a bag and thrown in a river.
Yeah, throw that in the river.
Yeah, is that a tremor talking?
What is that?
I'm not the criminal here.
Like, look at this list of names she wrote down for me to do.
There's not a Vincent Price on here.
I only do three impressions.
Where's Liam Neeson?
Ask, ask Vincent Price, tell her that you want to do an impression of Liam Neeson.
How come you didn't let Dan do the right impressions?
Alright, who was the goddamn person I did?
Alright, was that A, Suri Cruz?
B, Willow Smith?
Or C, Miley Cyrus?
What was the first one?
Suri Cruz.
I gotta say one of those three people's parents is way less of a megastar.
Like Suri Cruz is Tom Cruz and Nicole Kidman and Kate, whatever, Katie Holmes.
Kate, just Kate.
Tom Cruz achieved a feet in level so high he can reproduce with Kate.
That's level 32, plus $780,000.
You achieved the ability to reproduce with Kate.
Willow Smith is Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith and then Miley Cyrus is Billy Ray Cyrus
who we didn't really know until Miley Cyrus showed up.
That's why he's always such a permissive parent in those interviews.
He's like, yeah, fuck it, I don't care.
Well, did you see some of her titties?
Good, good on her.
All the way to the bank.
Some of her titties.
So Dan, who do you think it is?
I'll just say Suri Cruz.
Oh, Dan Wynne.
Well, congratulations.
Wait, who won?
Dan won.
Oh, he did?
He was behind and then he had a big comeback.
But I normally think this is lame when people do this, but I want to give you guys both tickets.
Not that I think it's lame when people give people things, but I mean.
They both get a pair of tickets, right?
Yeah, they both get a pair of tickets.
Oh my god.
Here for W and Dan.
Thank you.
I could have made that shorter.
Did we miss anybody on there?
I mean, Sulu, I could do.
Sulu was great, your Sulu was great, Dan.
Well, if I was to ever do this again, I would mix it in with some ringers.
There'd be more ringers.
I was trying to challenge you.
I thought maybe you'd discover a new impression that you do.
Yeah, I thought my Paul F. Tompkins was kind of okay.
Yeah.
He has a jovial quality to it when he does interviews.
It's not like the way he talks actually at all.
Paul, what's your favorite afternoon snack?
I love Skittles.
Do you just eat them alone?
I eat it with a celebrity interview on Speak Easy.
It's a YouTube interview show that I was on.
You can see my episode coming up soon.
Should we bring Spencer out?
Yes, bring Spencer out.
Kumail, that was some hot-com controlling right there.
Yeah, what the fuck, right?
I almost just got murdered.
This guy stepped on his foot, not his fault,
over there, put their leg out to trip me like right as I was coming up.
Let's burn him.
Did you do it on purpose?
My leg was out. I didn't know he was coming.
It's prom, guy.
Did you go to prom?
I didn't go to prom.
You did it?
No, I did.
What's prom?
Where's the lady that you was here?
She's not here.
I didn't end up going.
You know who is here?
Spencer!
You know, that guy almost fucking killed me.
You're giving him a whole thing.
He's the new Spencer.
That's how we...
I can tell.
It's like Minuto.
No, I mean, you're fine, probably,
unless you actually were trying to kill me.
No, he didn't go to prom with her, he said.
So, I mean, he's vengeance.
Why is he prom, guy?
How do we know so much about this guy?
He was the guy that was with the girl and he asked her to do the prom
and she was really awkward about it.
That very awkward thing that I did where I was like,
I know something, can I?
When you were really high.
I was...
Yeah, I must have been.
I don't remember any of this.
This was after the Renaissance Fair.
Oh, Renaissance Fair, yeah.
That's a blackout, yeah.
Yeah, I haven't listened to that one.
That was...
That was gone.
Spencer, did you...
Did you...
Did you have a nice day?
Oh, that's right.
What?
Oh, is that sorry?
Oh, yeah, that was the cult day.
Yes, day great.
Saw Game of Thrones already.
Wait, you didn't watch that show.
This guy knows.
What?
You don't watch that show?
No, I don't.
What kind of accusation is that?
Why wouldn't Spencer watch Game of Thrones?
You don't watch Silicon Valley?
Wait, you're not in Game of Thrones.
He basically is.
Yeah.
Wait, I can pull off that hat.
Do you really watch...
Well, that's different.
What?
You really watch that show?
Yeah, why wouldn't you think of...
Because you don't...
I haven't heard...
No, no, no, you don't consume much like media.
Yeah, yeah.
He's never seen the Indiana Jones movies.
Oh, well, I watch TV.
That's the thing.
I'm more of a TV guy than a movie guy.
He likes the new stuff.
You look like Desperate Maids.
Desperate Maids.
What was it called?
Tevious Maids, right?
Desperate Maids of Orange County.
No, no.
Devious Maids.
Real Dungeon Masters of Simi Valley.
There's just one of them.
That's me.
Well, that's how the story starts.
That's you saying that, and you're like, there's just one of them, and it's me.
And you snap, and then it cuts to another guy.
And he's like, I am the premier Dungeon Master of Simi Valley.
And then the show makes you all go to a party together, and you end up pulling each other's
hair and diving into a pool.
That does sound real.
So...
Did you like the Game of Thrones you saw?
No.
No, no, no.
I'm just saying I didn't like it.
Why did he like it or not?
It's not a spoiler.
You Nazis.
I didn't like it.
You didn't like it.
I think it was a great episode, but I don't like it.
I don't like a lot of great things.
I don't like a lot of great music.
No, we honestly can't, because I was about to ask.
I haven't seen it yet.
I'm not going to spoil anything.
Game of Thrones.
I think everyone's going to really enjoy it.
I'm just saying words to throw you guys all off guard.
Do you understand what's going on?
Yeah, Dumbledore dies, right?
Hey!
Spoiler, buddy.
Were you the kid that was running around telling everyone that Dumbledore died?
Oh, yeah.
We went to the book release night at two different borders.
Did you really do that?
Yeah, when you work at bookstores for a long time, you start to hate books and people who
like them.
Did you work at a bookstore?
Yeah, yeah.
Before I worked at the used bookstore, I worked at Borders Borders.
Are there still borders?
Nope.
Are there still any bookstores?
Just like vintage ones?
There's Barnes & Noble, you know.
I wonder if they should split into a Barnes & Noble.
I don't know why.
Happy Father's Day.
Who are Barnes & Noble?
Why did they put their name on it?
Yeah, fuck those guys.
Yeah, I'm going to find out everything about them right now.
Who's Vaughn?
And Albertson?
That goes to show you how amazing the...
I do know Jason Subway, though.
You know that books were really popular and you couldn't take your business elsewhere
because the bookstores' names are so shitty, like Barnes & Noble.
You know, if books had to be invented today, you'd have to call them something like
Laser Blowjob, like the store would have to be called like Mega Max, Super Read.
I publish the super dick book fuck pussy.
So is a Laser Blowjob really precise?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
It goes right to, you know, where we like...
No, no, no, not that part of skin, that part of...
It's zero teeth.
Zero teeth.
That's the guarantee of a Laser Blowjob.
I know.
Those don't really exist, though.
That's an urban myth.
You've heard it a thousand times before.
This is like, I got the spokesman of the commercial, it's on an all-black set, like an onyx set,
and he's walking towards camera in his gray suit.
He's like, like, of course, it's a blowjob.
There's going to be some teeth.
That is now a matter of the past.
With Laser Blowjobs, and then they do this CG thing, and spirals around your dick, and...
And then it just cuts to these testimonials of guys going like, I couldn't believe it.
You know, you think blowjob, the little bit of teeth is okay.
It's like rat hair in your cereal.
On paper, Laser Blowjob sounds horrible.
There's a final guy that's like, it's hardly even a job anymore.
I feel like I just got blown.
There's a whole, like, backlash to Laser Blowjobs that are like, you know, I like the teeth.
I thought they were okay.
Oh, yeah, those are the hipsters.
It's somewhere like the David Cross character with the scarf.
Blowjobs are supposed to involve teeth.
That's the point of them.
It makes them feel better.
Okay, anyways.
Yeah, teeth.
What, teeth?
Don't make us drag it out of you.
Did you bring a D&D adventure for us tonight?
Oh, yeah, I mean, I'm here.
Well, I don't, you know, I don't assume anything about you.
That's good, that's safe.
Have you been enjoying being my assistant?
Yes.
Conflict of interest.
All right, well, nothing else to talk about.
Father's Day, did you talk to your dad today?
Yeah, you know, my dad's in...
It's in not American country.
I'm not sure which.
It's terrible.
I think it's, I think it's Columbia.
Why does he...
Might be Brazil.
Why does he go?
He lives there now.
What?
Your dad moved to Columbia?
Yeah, you know, a lot of things happen.
A lot of things happen.
And you're not sure which country your dad moved to?
Well, once it's out of America, it's like, who cares?
I can't do anything about it.
Did your dad move there for work?
Yeah, well, I mean, he's hoping to get work.
He's just moving there, yeah.
I mean, my parents...
They're doing all sorts of crazy shit now, you know?
My mom's like traveling the country.
I don't know, they got all this money that I'm sure I'm never going to get now.
Just spending it on being alone.
I guess.
I have to be alone broke.
Sucks.
Anyway, well, my dad sent me a letter.
He got, he, he, he found a pickpocket's hand in his pocket.
And he punched him in the face.
Jesus.
And it made me realize my dad has punched a lot of people in the face.
Like, he punched a different guy in the face that he thought was stealing something from him.
We don't know if he actually was.
I saw, he ripped the rear view mirror off of a car of a guy that was driving too fast in a parking lot.
And then he threw it at him.
He didn't, he didn't hit the car with it, but it's just the, there's such malice there.
I mean, I love my dad, but apparently violent.
Everyone deals with divorce in different ways.
That was all before.
That's all normal.
That's part of the course.
The divorce was the mirror.
He should have been ripping off the car.
He was, he was coming up in unhealthy ways.
Finally, he was like, oh, wait.
I don't have to punch other men.
I can just break up my family.
I could punch my marriage.
So they really are separated.
Yeah.
He's in a different country.
When did this, when did this happen?
How long ago?
I don't know.
It was right after he came on the show and he came up behind the table and he was like, he was going, hey, I'm Spencer's dad.
And then, uh, it was after that?
After that.
I don't know.
I think our show broke up your parents.
Yeah, no, definitely.
I mean, well, I was always confident that once I left, there would be nothing left because my parents were always using me as like the crutch.
They'd be like, oh, I don't know what I'm going to do about your father.
I don't know.
And it's like, well, I can't be, you know, that's, that's not going to fail.
You guys want me out of here.
Let's stay together for, for the kids.
Our kids are grizzly atoms.
Yeah.
I mean, our kids are seven feet tall.
When all my friends' parents were getting divorced back in middle school and high school, it seems so fashionable and cool.
Like I definitely could have cashed it in back then.
Now it's just like fucking deal with it.
You're 25, you piece of shit.
Like I don't have any pity anymore.
That's exactly right.
Once you hit your 20s, your parents divorcing is just kind of weird.
Yeah.
That's, that's how I feel about eyeglasses.
I was like,
But, but, but sleep forward 10 years throughout my 20s, I would have been so hot with fucking glasses.
I was in the fucking Costco optometrist every day.
Are you sure I don't need them yet?
Because I'd be pretty hot with them.
And like now my eyes are probably a little weaker.
I'll eventually go in and I'll just look like fucking Mr. Roper.
You look like a professor.
I'm excited about it.
She's getting turned on.
Okay.
Well, someone's getting a teethy blowjob.
Teethy?
I just want you to know I'm there.
That's a step up from toothy blowjob.
Teethy.
All of the teeth are involved.
Every single one makes an appearance.
They can you some of the molars.
Not just the vestigial blowjob tooth that like a bird uses to get out of its shell.
Just wanted to know up here.
That's the sound toothy blowjob.
Have either of you received such a job and not said anything and just kind of like suffered through it?
You don't ever say anything.
You kind of be like, hey, first of all, thank you so much.
Listen, forever in your death, debt, etc.
Definitely. You don't give someone notes on their performance at a soup kitchen.
You kind of an asshole with that ladle.
Oh, really?
Maybe I should never come back here ever again.
No, thank you for coming down here and giving us soup.
You're a hero.
It's not the best soup I've ever had, but it's fucking soup.
Even terrible soup is better than no soup.
I think in the past, I think if somebody asks, if somebody asks for notes.
Really?
I'm always like A plus.
At pillow talk, if they go, do you like the way I, you know, if they are like, oh, you want to, really, you want to, I mean,
and then I start with the, I go like, you're fucking aces, great, no problem.
Thanks for doing it.
And then it's like, if pressed for it, if there were teeth involved, I might say, oh, I guess maybe, do you know that I don't want teeth involved?
Oh, there's one more thing.
It's super painful, isn't that kind of a crazy thing to just kind of let go?
Like if someone, if someone were like, there was the other way around.
Listen, no one's like gnawing on your thing down.
That's not happening.
No, no one's gnawing on my thing.
It's just like a bit of rat hair in your cereal.
Right, right, okay.
So it just comes in and, you know.
Yeah, I would take the worst blowjob I've ever had over the best pizza I've ever eaten.
Yeah, I mean, if the goal, because for some strange scientific purpose, they're like, okay, let's create the perfect blowjob.
All right, you want to go down this road, I guess we could try.
But I have a feeling the notes would result in a lot of...
There would probably be...
No more blowjobs.
Well, I don't know.
Or the next time it's like, like this?
Like you said, okay, all right.
You don't have to be sarcastic.
Yeah, keep your blowjobs here.
I said ballplay, not racket ball.
Yeah, I don't need an ironic blowjob.
I wish there was a cooler term than blowjob.
Blowjobs sound so...
Or ballplay, or teethy, or anything.
First of all, like suckjob is a much more descriptive.
Well, do you know, I read this somewhere.
Nobody's ever blowing on that.
The etymology of the word blowjob is, they think, comes from the idea of, it's not what you think.
It's not the idea that the vendor of the merchant...
I was going to say woman, and then I was like, 2014?
Fuck it.
Yeah, no, you're right.
Who knows?
The vendor is way more sensitive.
The provider.
The giver, yeah.
The idea isn't that that person is doing anything.
I mean, blowing, sucking, anything.
It's nothing to do with that.
It comes from the idea of blowing off steam.
It's the receiver blowing.
They're blowing off steam.
Blowing is wad.
Blowing is load.
Blowing.
Yeah, it's a Victorian slang.
It's Victorian slang.
Because it was like a quick dirty, like, give him a blowjob.
Let him blow off his steam.
Yeah, let him relax a little.
It's a steampunk terminology.
I really think that's how they understood humanity to work,
had to do with steam.
And it comes from that.
That's what I read.
I was like, oh, that actually makes so much more sense
than all these years of going like, why do they...
Yeah.
That is not ever part of it.
Stop doing that.
I'm not a balloon.
Yeah, I'll take teeth over that.
I thought when I was a kid, I didn't know what it was.
I'd heard the term.
I thought it was that the point was for the person
to blow air into the hole.
Yeah, yeah.
And that's what felt really good.
Of course you would think that.
I was like, I want to do inflate all the way.
Of course you would think that because when you're a kid,
you have a little wiener and you look down at it,
and the obvious analog is...
It's like a little hole, yeah.
...is the stem on the basketball or the tire of your dirt bike.
You're like, oh, a blowjob.
I'm going to get a blowjob one day.
Oh, I guess that'll be when someone bumps me up
with this little doodad down here.
Would that feel good?
I doubt it.
I bet it wouldn't feel terrible.
I mean, yeah, in a world where...
Does it have like a compressed air thing
that you used to clean off like your keyboard?
Well, that would feel weird.
I bet that would feel good.
I'm not talking about inserting it into the urethra
I'm talking about.
Three inches away, like it's a circuit board.
I'm really... I'm really trying to dust it off.
I bet it would feel good.
I bet it's great.
There's always some splatter in that.
You know the liquid that's always in there?
Oh, it frees your dick.
Yeah, no, you're going to burn your dick.
Burn it?
Yeah, like, you know, the...
But like a fun burn.
There's very little...
There's very little you can do to the dick
that would really hurt it and you'd know what it is.
If you're like, with this hurt it or not,
it probably won't, it'll be great.
There's very little fun in burning something.
But it's like a freeze burn.
Like candles.
It is like a freeze burn.
I don't see your point.
That's still bad.
No, but listen.
Like take down your pants.
Someone grab a thing.
I mean, listen, okay.
It would feel like having your tongue stuck to a frozen pole
except it's your dick.
It would be terrible.
Like, you sure it's fine.
I've had that spray stuff on my hand and my body.
It burns for minutes.
Yeah, it's like...
But it burns fun, right?
In the way that have it like inflicting pain on yourself is fun.
Like sometimes you prick yourself with like a thumbtack and that's fun.
It's not...
Like when you get your dick involved, that's a whole...
Oh yeah, I mean, I'm masochistic, sure.
Okay, I have done that freeze thing to myself all the time.
And it's like a fun burn.
It's not like a thumb burn.
Are you joking?
You use compressed air on your penis?
No, but I've done it on my arm and it feels fine
and I had never thought of it until now
and I swear to you within a week.
I won't do it.
Tonight in Los Angeles, the staples are going to be...
Yeah.
So there's going to be a...
I swear, while you guys were talking in my head,
I was like, well, it's after 10, staples is going to be closed when I'm done.
Hey, did you ever hear that thing?
Did you ever talk about that thing, that tape head cleaner thing with the...
Speaking of staples and things you can buy there for sexual purposes?
There's a VHS head cleaner fluid.
That's like a thing that people would huff it.
And it dilates your butt hole.
Butt hole.
Yes, it does.
Which I didn't even think dilating it would be like...
Like, why would you...
Like, oh, make it nice and big.
Well, no.
That's not what I wanted when I looked at you across the room.
I didn't want a dilated butt hole.
I want to snug little...
But even dilated, I bet.
Glove finger.
I'm assuming.
Putting myself in the shoes of a man about town.
What am I in the market for?
I want it good and dilated.
Well, then...
Well, then just get a bucket of water.
Put it in the coffee cup.
Is it the idea that it's tiny?
No.
No?
But even a dilated butt hole is pretty tiny.
Probably.
Isn't the idea more about the receiver's pleasure
when it comes to dilating your butt hole?
Oh, okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
When you're cross-dating the way your body is,
it's not like...
Okay.
Like, the brain wants.
The reach exceeds the grasp.
You're like, I want something up my butt,
but my butt doesn't know that.
My butt...
My butt's just doing its job.
It's keeping everything in.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But I want...
I'm Timothy.
I want...
I want something up there.
So then you go to Staples.
Yeah.
You're like...
Boing?
Is that the sound?
And then...
Mr...
Mr. Henderson, I'm here.
To clean your pool.
Now I'm just writing a whole gay port of...
Yeah.
Timothy and Mr. Henderson.
Tommy, I have on this extra tape cleaner.
And these things are...
But are we using a VHS player anymore?
Oh, geez, Mr. Henderson.
I just came from Staples.
I'll clean the pool now.
Tommy, do you...
Are you saying you like to go to Staples?
Oh, geez, you know...
It's the one-stop-trip for all your office supply needs.
Boy, you know, Mr. Henderson,
you really ought to put more chlorine in your pool.
There's a lot of plankton in here.
Swish, swish, swish, swish.
That sounds like Rick, doesn't it?
Morty.
Ah!
Tommy!
Yeah, it sounds like Morty.
All right, okay.
All right, well...
Should we do some D&D?
Yeah, we got 11 minutes.
Oh, we need another person, right?
Do we?
We could...
Oh, you would play Jeff's character
because you're Comptroller.
Aaron would play Mulraine.
Yeah, I guess we need a volunteer to...
Dan.
Who's really earned...
Well, Dan had his moment of the sun.
I'll be Christopher.
Wait, let's not...
Well, actually, let's use that guy
because otherwise he'll be so embarrassed
that he shouted that out, right?
What?
Someone said I'll be Christopher.
Who said that?
Come on up.
Hello, what is your name?
I'm Mark.
Mark.
Mark, everybody.
Hey, how's it going, guys?
And Mark is wearing a shirt that says Cox Barrow.
Oh, okay.
Mark, are you from LA?
I'm from San Diego,
but I moved to LA like two years ago.
Oh, where in San Diego?
Escondido, North County.
Cool, I'm from Rancho Bernardo.
Are you really?
Yeah, man.
Those are adjacent cities.
I know, I worked at that mall.
I worked at Hot Topic in Escondido.
Are you kidding me?
No, I'm not kidding.
You probably saw...
You bested me walk in there
and buy, like, wrist guards
and weird, like, stuff like that.
Oh, right, cool.
Why are you...
Why does it sound like you're mocking him?
Yeah.
Is that the San Diego accent?
I'm not mocking him.
I guess it does sound like I'm mocking him.
I just wanted to do...
It's the San Diego accent.
It does remind me of home.
And I guess I did talk like that for a while.
And I worked at Hot Topic.
I didn't know that was a San Diego accent.
It just sounds like,
oh, cool, yeah, did you do that?
Oh, awesome.
You fucking piece of human shit.
Sounds great.
I'll take ten.
Yeah.
Fuckface.
What'd you have for breakfast this morning?
Oh, rad!
Fuck off!
Gets a little gnarly down there.
Dad's getting gnarly.
Yeah, yeah.
Do you bored?
I don't bored.
I'm sorry.
No bored.
Do you dilate your butt?
Also, how old are you?
Before I...
Because you may have come here with your dad for Father's Day.
No, my dad's an Escondido boarding.
Don't worry about it.
Cleaning VHS tapes.
All right, we're going to do a little eight-minute
lightning round of D&D.
Yeah.
So who is...
It's Mark, right?
Yeah.
Mark will be playing...
They should be in order.
I wish we could play for longer.
I kind of like the eight minutes.
Oh, sometimes we go overtime.
Yeah.
Oh, it's a little fast.
We've got ten minutes.
I can't trust anybody.
Here, pass them down.
I got mine.
Thank you.
Sorry.
A clock's a machine.
Thank you.
Can't argue with that.
I found a top-down, top-down, turn-based RPG...
Yeah, almost at all that I might like.
I can't remember what it's called.
iOS game?
Swords and Liberty or...
I love both of those things.
It's got a really generic name.
There's no...
I just really like...
I've been searching forever for just...
I just want a nice top-down, turn-based RPG...
Yeah, a little strategy.
Dungeon Crawler.
It's sort of...
Oberon?
Pokemon.
Oh, Pokemon.
Wait, people love the new Diablo III, I suppose.
That's not turn-based.
No, fuck Dark Souls, man.
I can't...
You tried that.
It's the Sudoku of video games.
Oh, I should've...
I guess I'll start over, and this time I'll wear corn for a hat.
That was the old...
That was a big mistake I made that cost me three hours.
That's how your Sudoku experience is?
Yeah, like Sudoku.
It's like, I tried it once, and I'm like,
oh, this is kind of fun, and then I realized...
You needed a different hat.
After six hours, I was like,
oh, I haven't been doing this right at all.
Okay, cool.
Well, I mean, is Dustin gonna music me?
Am I gonna...?
Yeah, yeah.
All right, here we go.
Sorry, everybody.
I'm a diva.
I require musical stuff.
Last time on Harmontown, our heroes had made it to the Floating Isle of Paradise
with the help and unwitting sacrifice of the Seekers of Paradise.
They had arrived, and after meeting and greeting with Yomiji,
the angelic guardian of the realm,
they found the Tarragon of Virtue and used it to cure Christopher,
unleashing the demonic and ghostly Admiral Darkstar,
who possessed Yomiji's body and compelled the angel into mortal combat.
In the fierce battle, the island caught fire,
enveloping in the field of battle and blazing flames and choking smoke.
The gang resolved to escape,
but then quickly changed their minds, deciding to fight,
activating their armulets and unleashing their elemental powers.
But even Quark's sleep could not extinguish the consuming conflagration of the island.
The gang fired arrows and slashed at Yomiji,
but nothing seemed to be working.
Finally, Sharpie had a quick burst of insight,
and blasted the angel with reduced person,
shrinking his form by half,
turning the hulking arcan into an average Chad.
But would our heroes be able to cut down their fun-sized foe,
or would the fun fail to free our friends from fates fiddling fingers?
Find out next time on Harmontown.
I guess people like alliteration.
I don't like it too. It's fun.
Questions?
No, these are.
What if we did a practical joke on Spencer,
where we all just sat here and silenced him?
I guess he would just slowly kill us with this rampaging monster.
Okay, so distracted by your alliteration,
our exact circumstances are that we shrunk this guy,
but we were going to head back for the portal, right?
Yeah, absolutely.
Before the last episode, you were like,
let's run, and then at the top of the last episode,
you were like, let's not run, and then you started fighting,
so that's what was happening.
Didn't we run back for the portal, or were we just fighting this guy?
You had reduced him to half his normal size.
He's the size of a mere man.
Alright, let's kick this guy's ass.
Knowing that once we do, this spirit will be free,
and that's the feudal part of it.
You stand amid the flaming isle of paradise surrounding,
you're surrounding the six-foot-tall Yomiji.
It's hard to see because smoke blocks out the sky,
and wind whips past your faces,
but you can see the clouds above you,
soaring upwards, away from you.
Then you feel a sense of vertigo as you realize
that the floating island might not be as floating as it once was.
Uh-oh.
In fact, it's starting to fall from the sky.
Oh, shh, that's bad.
And what did we deduce about that portal last time?
When we talked about running back into it,
there was shit flying out of it that was hurting us?
Well, yeah, it looked kind of like a painful portal,
because you remember the first time you went in
and it sucked you through, it hurt you.
And the final word was that it's not an option as an exit?
I don't know.
I mean, I didn't say that, certainly.
I don't know how you guys came to whatever decisions you did last week.
Do any of us have tape head cleaner?
It might be easier to get back in that portal.
Get that portal widened out, yeah.
Just widen it up.
So we're trying to jump up into the portal?
No.
Well, you're standing on this floating island.
It's on fire.
You're surrounding this angel guy who you've been fighting.
Well, now we can kill him, right?
Can I put out my flaming sword and attack this thing?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, shit, I need dice.
Is this tape head cleaner thing real?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, it's, yeah, tape head cleaner, like, yeah.
When you're picking up that compressed air pickup, some of that tape, I think.
Now, also, I heard the same thing about Abel Naitre Poppers,
that that's part of the effect.
It gets you high, but it also makes your butt hole get bigger.
Is that right?
I don't know.
We have a staples party we'll all find out.
You are rotting vociferously when he said that.
Poppers are a real triple threat.
But isn't that what Gary Oldman's doing in The Professionals?
So when you watch that movie, he's like,
I love Mozart, whatever it is, like, is his butt hole, like, like, dilated?
Yeah.
He's just shitting his pants.
I think you're just more open to the world when your butt hole is dilated.
You're open to every, you're literally more open to the world.
Yeah.
In every way.
Mozart.
Anything else you want to get in there?
I really want to try it now after all this talk.
Which is a C.
That's good old fun.
Okay, so I get up my flaming sword and I go and I go right at it.
You go right at it.
Cleaving a hefty strike directly towards his torso,
but he neatly parries with his flaming shovel.
It seems he's not out of the fight just yet.
I think we should go into the portal.
Get out of here.
We accomplished our goals.
Yeah, you're right.
I don't want to overstate things, but yeah, we came here for a reason.
Paradise is fall and this guy.
If we kill him, he's got a gagu in him that goes into the next guy.
All right, yeah.
I say we run for the fire exit.
Definitely.
Sometimes heroism looks identical to cowardice.
But running away from something always looks like cowardice.
Yeah, but if you run away long enough, you'll come back around the other side.
Let's run away from...
Columbus ran from Europe.
Look what happened.
All right.
America happened.
I shouldn't have to spell this out.
So you look around for the portal, but it's not where you left it.
Shit.
You look up.
It seems it's maybe about 20 feet and falling fast.
Fuck an island's falling.
I tie...
Okay, I have 100 feet of rope, everybody.
100 feet of rope.
I'm going to tie the rope to my foot,
and then I'm going to use my boots of spry springing,
and I'm going to hop up into the portal,
leaving a rope behind for everybody to...
I'm going to climb up.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Tada!
Using your boots of spry spring,
you spring spryly up towards the portal
and grasp its razor sharp edge.
Your hands are sliced by the polygons of the portal's edge,
but you catch hold, blood drips into your eyes,
but you know you're going to be able to climb through this.
I am a hero!
Wow!
Woo!
You pull yourself through into the ruined hideout
of the Seekers of Paradise.
That's where the portal came from.
You're safe with a rope on your foot.
Get to that rope, gentlemen.
The rope's being, you know, pulled by the falling,
but you get it.
Who wants to get it?
We all do.
Yeah.
Who goes first?
Well, as a tortured artist in this falling rock of paradise,
I'm kind of like the band in Titanic.
I feel like I should sing Lady in Red
as this thing falls to its death.
And steps are giving me a good send-off.
But I also go for the rope.
Well, yeah.
Okay, yeah, yeah.
Also the rope.
Just making sure.
Maybe it was cool.
Let me go last.
I can use my teleport cape to grab it no matter how high it goes.
So you guys go before me.
I feel like I should mention that.
That's used up for the time.
Fuck you.
You're such a fucking dungeon master.
It's like I enforce some rules.
All right, fine.
I grab the rope.
I kick everyone out of the way.
You grab the rope first.
It's gonna be Father's Day.
You guys continue to grab different parts of the rope.
I don't know why I'm describing that.
As you sing a soulful melody.
I do.
Lady in red.
It's a great song.
You see the island fall away from you
as Yomichi looks up going,
GEEEW!
And then he realizes he has wings and flies away.
You guys are just hanging from a hole in the sky.
Can we crawl up it?
Yeah.
We destroyed a whole island.
It's okay.
Don't think about the past.
I can't.
It's gone.
So yeah, you guys pull yourself up into this portal.
You each take some damage though.
It's okay.
Mulraine takes five, not Christopher, but Quark takes eight.
Christopher takes one and you take two.
Got off easy.
So you pull yourselves into the ruined.
What do you call it?
Hideout.
What did I call it?
Hideout of the Seekers of Paradise.
It looks like a bomb went off.
All the things, there's furniture.
It's sheared in half.
Everything's just shattered and exploded.
And half the stuff that used to be in the room has just gone completely.
This is shitty in here.
The portal still stands though, just kind of like an open sore in the sky.
And there's nobody else in here except for us, right?
Well, you do see that, you know, scattered mutilated body parts of the gnomes
that exploded when you unleashed that portal.
I searched their bodies.
Jesus.
You see it.
Listen, we're just being practical.
We should have been searching bodies all along.
I put pennies on their eyelids and looked for letters to their parents.
No.
You see, there's a torso that seems to have a long dagger, a coin purse,
as well as a small sketch of us, of a female gnome.
We take everything except for the sketch.
The other gnomes don't have anything or it's been removed from their body.
I want to take the sketch.
Okay.
I take the sketch and I make it into a necklace.
Because maybe later someone will be like, oh, I know her, you know.
Wait, do you do the necklace now or is it just going to make a necklace?
Very fast.
Yeah, okay.
You make a necklace of the sketch.
Can you describe the sketch a little bit?
It's pretty shitty to be honest.
I mean, this guy was obviously no artist.
But the sentiment shows through, you know, they're obviously a gnome.
I got to tell you the truth, my OCD, like, I wanted to come in through the portal
and say to anybody who was waiting on the other side, do not go in there.
Do not go in there.
Like that?
And I couldn't, like, I was like, is there anyone else here?
Shit.
You should have said it.
I didn't want to carry it around with me.
That would have been a great life.
So now it's done and just forget it.
But you know what?
We all appreciate the life.
Thank you.
Yeah.
We get the same joy from that.
We all come back in and do the build.
Yeah.
No, but pretend we did.
We just got here.
Okay.
Now say it.
Do not go in there.
Oh!
Father's Day.
All right.
Well, we ought to get out of this building and get back to our lives.
Wait, we're just going home?
Well, I mean, this is the culmination of a big long campaign for us.
Yeah.
We've only got Kumail's character free of curses.
God, it feels so good.
He has no dick still.
Didn't I get a better dick though?
You have a dragon dick in your bag.
True.
I didn't want to do it myself, but I think you should attach the dragon dick where your
real dick would be.
Oh, most definitely.
I have your blessing.
I would like to attach the dragon dick on the stump of my former dick.
Like just yourself?
What do I have?
You're going to need dick husbandry.
You can borrow a needle and thread.
May I?
That doesn't sound right.
You're probably going to gnome to do it, like a team of gnomes.
Yeah, Bill Martikins has a lot of cool gnomes.
Let's go look around.
We'll see if we can find someone.
Well, step outside this building into the daylight and stretch our arms, and we hear
the full-lead sounds of wagons clipping and clopping, it's like deadwood sound library
stuff, a little background chatter.
Oh, man, two gold pieces for that.
Get your coffins here.
And you find yourselves out front of a, what is it now, Spizwad's weird bungalow, the
magical fellow from before, he got you to steal all those cigarettes.
I guess he didn't steal them, but you know, whatever.
He was going to help you magically.
He might be a guy.
Is he going to be upset because we just came out of a building with like gnome body parts
in it?
We're not going to tell him.
I hide my picture.
Yeah, let's get our story straight about this.
We went to a secret gnome meeting where they play with buttons at open portals.
That's on them.
We were there when it happened, but we just leave out the parts where we did anything.
I mean, overall, what are we doing?
Do we have a mission for good?
Are we just always trying to save our own necks?
Do we have a...
Jesus.
Wow.
That is intense.
This world barely has plumbing and you're asking questions like that.
I'm impressed.
I mean, I've seen a lot of shit on this trip, obviously.
I just imagine that you were petting my head, I guess.
This is one of those rare moments between campaigns where we finished our shit and we
were not beleaguered by anything else.
It's nice.
Yeah.
We've been through a lot together.
Can we all write down the scariest thing that's happened, the worst thing that's happened
on this trip on a little piece of parchment and just sit around a fire and talk about
it and just throw it in the fire and let it go?
Yeah.
I mean, do you want to build a fire now?
It seems like this is a good point to sort of end.
But I mean, it's a little sleepy.
It is a little sleepy.
There's no reason for anybody to tune back.
I pretend that I see a woman in a red cloak up the road.
Is that the lady?
It is the lady in red.
Monica!
Nope.
Okay.
All right.
I go into the nearest tavern.
You enter the nearest tavern, a place by the name of the Rusty Buckle.
What's up?
I follow women.
As do I.
You just see three gnomes and what looks like a baby standing around a table.
There's no one else in the room.
Is it an adult gnome that looks like a baby?
It just looks like a baby.
It's a baby gnome.
Fellas, I see your baby is standing.
Not standing.
No.
He's in a bassinet?
Yeah.
Okay.
Does he need a drink?
What are you guys drinking?
What are you drinking?
Gnomes.
Gnomes?
All right.
Yeah.
Do you want to have a naps blue ribbon?
They definitely do.
A round of noors for my gnome friends.
I'll get a metal one.
On the shrug.
He gets it.
But yeah, so you get them around.
They're like, thanks.
We're going to go back to looking at our shit.
What are you guys looking at?
Your baby?
No, no.
Just the plans for them.
Are you going to plan for a baby?
I mean, yeah, yeah.
The baby's already there.
You don't need to plan it anymore.
Yeah.
The baby just didn't get here without planning.
How did it?
Wait, so you're going over the plans for the baby that's here?
Yes.
Let me take a look at these.
It's a detailed multi-layered blueprint schematic that you don't even begin to understand.
But on the first page, you see something that looks like an eyeball.
I get this.
You guys make babies?
Yeah.
Wait, Kork, you're a gnome.
What was your plan when you were born?
I mean, I just came out.
I didn't really have a plan.
Are these plans to make the baby?
Or when the baby happens, did the plans for the baby's life?
No, these are the plans to make this.
I mean, you guys keep calling it a baby.
I guess it looks like a baby.
It's more like a little automaton.
Oh, it's a cyborg baby.
What's a cyborg?
A cyborg?
Is that like a golem?
Is it like an android?
Yeah, it's like a golem.
What's an android?
It's like a golem.
Mr. Gnome, is there somewhere where I can buy one?
No, no, you just got to make them.
Okay, can I get the recipe?
Well, we have these plans, but they're very costly.
How costly?
800 gold.
I think what we should do, and this is a crazy, crazy pitch,
let's take the baby golem and fucking run out of here.
I'm down.
Well, can we at least steal the plans?
Nah, come on, guys.
We're not saying this in front of these guys.
Can we talk over by the gnome equivalent of a jukebox?
Look, I mean, I don't give a fuck what you say to me.
I'm going to steal those plans.
And I don't care what the fuck you're going to say to me.
I'm taking that babe.
Can I impress upon you guys that we've been through a lot this year?
How much better would it be?
Listen, imagine your life right now.
Now imagine it with a baby robot.
It's only better.
These gnomes, they helped us.
We killed them already.
Well, then what's a few more?
We're already here.
We're not killing them.
We're just taking their baby robot.
I'm sure we have 800 gold pieces between us.
You really don't.
I draw my bow and I point it at the gnomes and I say,
give me the plans, little ones.
What the fuck?
Give me the plans.
They slowly, like, hold their hands up.
Like, just be careful, you know.
They're on the table.
Yeah, all right, all right.
I'm really sorry about this.
Quirk, Quirk, grab the plans and grab the baby.
All right.
Wait, when you started playing with sociopath finder.
All right, that's enough.
Let's get it offending.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Thanks for coming.
Thank you, Zach, on audio.
Thank you, Justin Marshall for recording everything
with his earphones.
Thank you, Mark, for playing Christopher.
Thank you, Dan.
And who is Bethany for coming up and getting your tickets?
Thank you, Camille, for filling in.
Thank you, everybody, and Meltdown Comics.
And we'll see you next...
Oh, come to the...
There's still seats left.
Come to the LA Film Festival screening tomorrow night.
Google it, figure out how to get there.
I'll be there and you can watch the Harbiton documentary.
You've been waiting for it.
I don't know.
I mean, there's got to be a way.
I tweeted, I tweeted twicke ticket links.
I tweeted them.
I'll tweet them later tonight.
Twitter and ticket links.
Follow me on Twitter.
And the Zixler.
Thank you.